So I want to correct the statement a little bit. So the tools like word2vec are for representing the data in so representing the word2vec in this case, it is a text operation. We talked about eigen face, that is the space of image representation or mostly, the mfcc or some deep features for speech representation. So what the objective is we want to do computation on such data that in so we should be able to represent. That is what one of our requirement is. Now we are talking about how to process. If you remember the beginning of the class the first slide, we do know that we are now moving towards machine learning algorithms. Now things like a sigma tanh it’s like nuts and bolts. They are not even big picture people like they are small things, many things will come like that. We don't worry too much about those. The biggest thing that we are talking about today is the multi-layer perceptron when given x, y pairs should be able to predict y = f(x). So, the story is always y = f(x) we are learning. That y = f(x) was too simple form of W Transpose.X. Now, we say it is a very complicated form.
Cont..
The type of problems that we can solve now have changed a lot. So if you look at problems like trying to classify mnist, many simple problems we can solve with perceptrons, decision trees and many other things. But if you really want to work on complex data, we need things like word2vec that came later. The type of problems that we can solve is increasing though the problem may be exactly the same. So to use this example of what is beauty to me is a really complicated question. What is apple, what is orange anybody can classify, but what is beautiful what is not beautiful it’s very difficult because I can't even give an explanation of what is it. Think of a picture we all say we are equally competent to say what is beautiful. Sometimes, it is beautiful  for experts. I don't know what it is. So that super specialized characterization how do you get it? So this is where the issue of how do you represent the data and how do you characterize complex concepts. I am recognizing your face,this is a complex concept. But if you want to recognize your face say versus thousand other people, it becomes a difficult form or if I want to recognize your voice or if you want, if I want to understand your intent from your conversation, they are very complicated. 
Cont..
So there are tools. So we got a lot of powerful tools now with which we are able to attack new problems. So, what is your intent? I think of it like somebody is clicking, this person intends to buy this or not? Think of it as a simple problem, it may be also a classification problem. Or what is the intent of business dialogue? What is the sentiment of this dialogue? This may be a still a classification problem, you can say, but it is very different from classification of simple data zero versus one. So which means we are now able to do solve complex classification problems, solved complex regression problems with high accuracy and we got a lot of tools for that: word2vec is an example.
