So when I say look at the data, I am not talking about looking at one sample and how it looks. I am looking at a dataset. How is my dataset distributed in a feature space is my question. That is what I am trying to visualize.
Cont..
Yes
Cont..
What it conveys is, so for example, let’s go back to this example swiss roll what we are talking about. In this what I am saying is data is leaving on a manifold. Now let’s say there is some pattern in the manifold. Okay I don’t know what the pattern is. Within this manifold the data there are denser regions there are lighter regions, there are some type of data leave in this part and some data leave in other part. Around the paper is not just uniform distribution. That is the nature of the data. I want to see that nature.but, this is leaving in a high dimensional space I can't see it. By the way I want to reiterate We are going from 3D to 2D and showing you because finally if you want to see the mapping also if you want to high dimension also. Usually this will be thousand dimension. Okay which you can’t see. But since we have to see an algorithm is working or not, if you want to see a mapping from high dimension to low dimension working out, we have to look at high and low dimensions directly. So only option we have that is go from 3 to 2.okay that’s the reason we are working with this. This is a synthetic data. Let us assume world is three dimension .somehow we can’t observe 3D. You can only see 2D and you want to map from 3D to 2D while preserving the patterns. Preserving the information in the mapping what is the information or the india is of this particular shape. Sri Lanka is next to it, pakistan is here, Bangladesh is where whatever it is. That is what I want to preserve. I don’t want to move rapidly around continents. But, the mapping has to come down to 2D is it. The sample problem here. I want to unroll this whatever patterns there on the manifold I want to preserve it in the low dimension that is a mapping. After doing mapping there are still patterns left there. There are still Indian, Sri Lanka, Pakistan all around. That is what I want to seen by human beings. The mapping algorithm doesn’t care. Map from a sphere to a region. It’s simple a mapping. Okay there are multiple ways to mapping. Whatever it is we will do some mapping. Is that problem clear. Y = f(x) is going from 3D to 2D then you want to look at further patterns in it.