There are two parts to this thing. Something like autonomous navigation is a very very complex problem. So the issue is that if I want to memorize everything then I have to memorize every single scene that I would ever see with every single position of different cars and every possible speed at which they are driving then I would decide what action to take. That is clearly not possible. There are infinite ways in which the cars around me can be arranged, the speed at which they are driving, the scene what I am seeing, where I want to go. Put together there are infinite possible combinations. So I can’t memorize everything. What your saying is memorize at a situation level. So your generalizing from looking at a certain things. I am understanding this as I am currently in such and such situation and then ask the question what action I should take.
Cont..
At the extreme case, you make it to train. Where you will drive through a certain pattern. That’s true. Even in the case of trains, we don’t have autonomous navigating trains yet. As some autopilot functionality but still the driving is sitting there and looking someone is jumping in front of the train or not. Okay the train which is suppose go in the front has it gone at the speed? There is always some distance you want to maintain from the train that is going in front of you. So this all kinds of things are know. Even in the case of. so yes what your saying is right that set of rules it should follow and you can hardcode for it. In fact you do hardcode in practice. You don’t leave everything to machine learning. You don’t give camera free to the machine learning and then let it learn from the scratch. Then hope everything goes fine. You have some limits and stuff like that. Okay speed limit could be one thing. But, you should observe the speed limit at the time. There might be some odd case where someone is getting very close to hitting you, then you may want to speed up and get out of there. Or someone has walked in front of your car. There are these rare cases. There is a possiblity of human coding that will generalize over things, these are the parameters that you need to stay within provided you dont see a danger. So critical scenarios like autonomous navigation is mostly a mixture of hand coding and machine learning.  